# Tetrahedral-Tilting
Supporting code for Tetrahedral Tilting and Lithium-Ion Transport in Halide Argyrodites Prepared by Rapid, Microwave-Assisted Synthesis

## Description of Folders
### PS4 Rotation Parsing
This folder provides the python code used to track the rotations of each PS4 unit. The starting values are extracted from a standard F43m argyrodite structure that has been expanded to generate a starting supercell. The ending values are extracted from final input files generated by simulated annealing and joint SXRD/XPDF refinement.
### SA TOPAS input files
This folder provides input files for simulated annealing and joint refinement of SXRD data and XPDF with PS4 units treated as rigid bodies.
### SXRD Datasets
SXRD data collected at the Wiggler High Energy Beamline of the Canadian Light source on microwaved and reference materials. 
### Structure Generation
Python code used to generate structures used in the simulated annealing routine. Employs regular expressions to parse starting .str TOPAS structure files and outputs a structure file that has appropriately constrained site occupancies, isotropic displacement parameters, and generates PS4 rigid bodies.
### XPDF Datasets
XPDF G(r) files extracted from total scattering data collected at the Wiggler High Energy Beamline of the Canadian Light source on microwaved and reference materials. 

## Notes
### Dataset naming and filepaths
Datasets have been renamed for ease of use and clarity. As such, the filepaths specified in PS4 rotation parsing code, TOPAS input files, and structure generation code must be changed to reflect appropriate local file paths to run correctly.

